README.md, before:

redis-hashring
==========

This project allows you to create an Redis cluster used for caching purposes. It uses the key passed on parameters to generate a hash to decide in which instance it should read or write the data.

This project works best for very large applications with tons of small cache keys. It is basicaly a tool to shard values into many redis machines dividing load. It is not intended for applications that require huge reads of a small ammount of keys since that would put strain into a single machine.

## Usage

Quick example using two Redis instances:

```js
var RedisHashring = require("../lib/redis_hashring");

var redisHashring = new RedisHashring();

redisHashring.initialize(["localhost", "localhost:7777"]);

redisHashring.ready(function() {
    var key = "somekey",
        key2 = "otherkey";

    redisHashring.set(key, "Value", function(err, val) {
        redisHashring.get(key, function(err, val) {
            console.log(err, val);
        })
    });

    redisHashring.set(key2, "Value2", function(err, val) {
        redisHashring.get(key2, function(err, val) {
            console.log(err, val);
        })
    });

});
```

Commit message:

Adding some information about the cool features

README.md, after:

redis-hashring
==========

This project allows you to create an Redis cluster used for caching purposes. It uses the key passed on parameters to generate a hash to decide in which instance it should read or write the data.

This project works best for very large applications with tons of small cache keys. It is basicaly a tool to shard values into many redis machines dividing load. It is not intended for applications that require huge reads of a small ammount of keys since that would put strain into a single machine.

It does have support for disaster recovery, if a machine is considered down redis-hashring will remove it from the ring and send the keys to other machines until that machine is back on again granting some safety for high availability.

## Usage

Quick example using two Redis instances:

```js
var RedisHashring = require("../lib/redis_hashring");

var redisHashring = new RedisHashring();

redisHashring.initialize(["localhost", "localhost:7777"]);

redisHashring.ready(function() {
    var key = "somekey",
        key2 = "otherkey";

    redisHashring.set(key, "Value", function(err, val) {
        redisHashring.get(key, function(err, val) {
            console.log(err, val);
        })
    });

    redisHashring.set(key2, "Value2", function(err, val) {
        redisHashring.get(key2, function(err, val) {
            console.log(err, val);
        })
    });

});
```
